PROJ-160 :: Abstract (#117)
SW805F20/report: sections/titlepages.tex

  9220 Aalborg East, DK\\
  \href{www.cs.aau.dk}{www.cs.aau.dk}
}{% the abstract

> Can Pozyx, a highly accurate positioning solution based on UWB, be used to create a virtual reality game that represents the user with real-time positional data in-game?

Reviewer: er 30 cm +- highly accurate 🤔

Author: Det vil jeg påstå ifht andre muligheder vi udforskede

In this project, we look into how to obtain positional data, model a network protocol for transferring the data to the players, and create a virtual reality-based game that shows the data.

> In developing the project, the pragmatic paradigm presented by Ivan Aaen in his research about Essence will be utilized to encourage innovation and diverse thinking in the development process.

Reviewer 2: Jeg ved ikke om det er værd at sige. Så meget går vi jo heller ikke i dybden med det.

Author: Men det med innovation er en del af titlen på projektet, så jeg tænker at det er ret vigtigt at skrive hvad vi mener med det

> The results show that while Pozyx provides high accuracy, the refresh rate that it provides is not high enough for a real-time experience.

Reviewer 2: Med entreprise er det vel muligt ?

Author: Det ved vi ikke, creator burde også være nok - men der får vi ikke den refresh rate de lover heller

> The results show that while Pozyx provides high accuracy, the refresh rate that it provides is not high enough for a real-time experience.

Reviewer: er the refresh rate we achieved ikke mere korrekt?

Author: ```suggestion
The results show that while Pozyx provides high accuracy, the refresh rate that we were able to achieve using it was not fast enough for a real-time experience.
```

  9220 Aalborg East, DK\\
  \href{www.cs.aau.dk}{www.cs.aau.dk}
}{% the abstract
Can Pozyx, a highly accurate positioning solution based on UWB, be used to create a virtual reality game that represents the user with real-time positional data in-game?

> In this project, we will look into how to obtain positional data, model a network protocol for transferring the data to the players, and create a virtual reality-based game that shows the data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this project, we look into how to obtain positional data, model a network protocol for transferring the data to the players, and create a virtual reality-based game that shows the data.
```

In developing the project, the pragmatic paradigm presented by Ivan Aaen in his research about Essence will be utilized to encourage innovation and diverse thinking in the development process.
The results show that while Pozyx provides high accuracy, the refresh rate that it provides is not high enough for a real-time experience.

> It is concluded that combining Pozyx with a technique like dead reckoning would possibly improve the experience.

Reviewer 3: Altså vi har jo ikke lavet en konklusion endnu, men det ender vel nok med at blive det du skriver her xd
